this is pocket ping-pong 2005 for big is
mondo I can't see what I'm doing here
like not even the buttons because I'm
watching through the camera viewfinder
so anyway it's not a review walkthrough
playthrough blah blah blah is just me
playing the game probably very badly and
we'll just see how it goes
I played good lord
I played this once before when I just
got the gays mando and it was fairly
diabolical to be honest
I can see how this will appeal to
certain people young themes perhaps my
serve what do I do
yeah
how
he's supposed to see where you
I don't know how you're supposed to know
where your back is
though the buttons do anything I don't
know
okay
who
I'm getting hammered
yeah well there's a surprise yeah we'll
have another go
proof
who
it's definitely a certain appeal to this
Oh
Oh what am I meant to do there good lord
Oh rubbish
yeah now I don't think so well there you
go
that pocket ping-pong 2005 on the Giz
mondo certainly unusual yes it certainly
is that and videos of other games in my
collection can be found on my youtube
channel along with a video of my console
and computer collection and there's a
link there to my website then ways world
co uk thank you for watching